[SRVCOM-1831] Serverless functions: update abstracts format (#46660)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-typescript-template.adoc

[id="serverless-typescript-template_{context}"]
= TypeScript function template structure

> When you create a TypeScript function using the `kn` CLI, the project directory looks like a typical TypeScript project. The only exception is the additional `func.yaml` configuration file, which is used for specifying the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a TypeScript function using the `kn` CLI, the project directory looks like a typical TypeScript project. The only exception is the additional `func.yaml` file, which is used for configuring the function.
```
